diffimg: add page (#14105)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/diffimg.md

# diffimg

> Calculate intersection between two images.
> Supports: `.png`, `.gif`, `.jpg`, `.ps`.
> More information: <https://manned.org/diffimg>.

> - Calculate intersection beetwen images and output an image where each pixel is difference beetwen corresponding pixels in input images:

Author: ```suggestion
- Calculate the intersection between images and output an image where each pixel is the difference between corresponding pixels in input images:
```
